damn read the frickin border Tamar and I
are in Venice California and we decided
to challenge ourselves to get as far
away as possible in any direction within
24 hours all while not spending any
money let's see how far people's
kindness and spontaneity can take us
start the clock already starting to
samara doesn't know where his wallet is
doesn't know where its driver's licenses
mar we're losing time ready I don't want
to say classic it's pretty classic I
can't just go out without money on it
huh buried under a pile fun subjet
leaving from the airport four miles away
maybe maybe we can convince the jet
owner to take us somewhere now that
would be the ultimate hitchhike I feel
like going to the airport is that going
to the casino and like putting all in
because like it's totally in the
opposite direction of anything we
tickets what like 40 minutes to walk
there probably more and we're just gonna
start asking people
we'll give us a lift to the Santa Monica
Airport which is where like the whole
the private jets leave oh yeah my name
is Ammar and this is Thomas yeah okay we
are in this quick bit of a crazy
adventure today see how far we can get
away from La within 24 hour I've based
off favors anywhere you have no
destination so I was wondering if you or
anyone you know is going out of town no
not really sounds good thank you very
much you're just missing group of guys
that rode out on bikes we're not leaving
till tomorrow so that would have been
sweet bang good luck with that make just
fun adventures here any ideas of like
ways to pursue this Smith I think you're
going out of the right way you go that
we can go to San Francisco
like that's all good
thank you I'll ask someone who's like
leaving with a scar so that like maybe
on the spot are you going this way at
all hey man thank you good my name is
Amari this is Thomas we're in a 24-hour
showers tried to get away from LA based
off favorites so trying to just get as
far as possible you or anyone you know
behavior yesterday thank you
ah literally just well you doing I would
totally do it the only thing is I've got
people coming in from the air or into my
apartment in like 20 minutes nicest the
nicest person so far yeah alright it's
gonna work
gonna work we're trying to get as far
away from LA as possible all based on
favor
within hours I didn't have to work
I'm going to like that oh no you want to
go like San Francisco maybe next time
look good luck guys fakes left Cheers
now we ever gonna leave this Adam
iterated we're so screwed we're so
screwed we're not gonna need more than
this one last try
the grips your story if this doesn't
work we're gonna have to change
completely let's change the plan just
networking yeah we've been here for an
hour by any chance applause and I want
to hear it second sign of like airport
is like it's like psych ten minutes this
way
Oh
amen what's a name John John first right
because I don't wanna can't afford make
a sign there
you spent the next like hour to over
there waiting for someone generous on
their private jet and take us anywhere
[Music]
thank you so much good luck all right
said a Monica from this is the private
the private jet company from there and
and there is like you can fly private
but you pay your shutdown or you own a
private jet then you fly out of here but
there is a lot of jets lined up over
there that's dope alright you will know
when someone is coming into fir to fly
private
they will not be driving a Prius they
will be driving like a Maserati
if anyone if someone rolls up and they
win a private jet they scan like the
gate over there and they just roll in
with the garlic
the security's not looking at it beauty
over there and it looks like there's
cops too
then I guess we'll just go to the
roundabout
[Music]
private jet under and you watch this
video next time let us know and it might
be down to join you if you got a
bad news found no jet owners been here
for like a couple hours now there's just
absolutely nobody and we missed the few
opportunities we had and it's the most
demoralizing thing seeing all these jets
leaving without us having a chance at
asking them come on so we're going to
the freeway the sign saying to take us
anywhere if you plan this was going to
work we walked like a mile here and this
is the freeway entrance so hopefully
we'll be successful at picking up
hello let's go anywhere anywhere where
are you going where are you going how
far is that how far is that north or
south south to ours
should we go south to ours yeah all
right let's do it
thank you bundle I'm not so much good to
meet you in Austin we ever thank you for
for picking us up there is the
possibility that we might make it to
Mexico tonight which is it's always been
the plan the perks are picking someone
up from the side of the road we're gonna
use the carpool lane misreads about to
be a lot faster
[Music]
and this is the most classic thing you
can see if you ever ride with Thomas in
the car
this guy's anniversary today
yeah and he's saying that if you didn't
have a date night with his wife he would
have come with us to TJ but he said he's
gonna drop us off at a good spot where
we can catch the next ride thank you so
much thank you thank you for cheers man
you fine and DJ yeah man I've told sleep
yeah you did
and we're like 100 miles away from
Mexico so we just we better make it
tonight
you know guys are you doing anywhere
interesting today we want to catch right
TJ promising start out there so scared
it's just like dark and cold oh my god
[Music]
we literally just walked away from the
spot we were waiting for over there and
instantly just two cops past the area we
were waiting we got so lucky to be
driving south by a chance
we drive towards San Diego yeah so we've
trying to get as far away from LA as
possible we're here and we're trying to
get to San Diego or Tijuana when you
guys trying to get done by tomorrow
morning at 11:00 a.m. you guys are going
all night tonight baby I mean however
far we can go
what's your name I'm Ben Ben Ammar nice
to meet you some Thomas is our third
rider BAM he's gonna think it's a little
bit south a little waiting like freezing
our butts off to the side of the highway
so this little thing over here
the cozy little backseat thanks man oh
nice have you ever drank before yes yeah
did it work out yeah maybe that's why
you pick this up because you know what
it's like
I'm gonna take as far as Fortuna I
wasn't out saying you guys in Temecula
which is the last time before San Diego
County
Oh whew thank you so much Bruce day on
the side of the highway that's not the
best area
yeah like cops were rolling by we have
to lie to guys walking in the highway no
we wanted to know the funny the area you
guys work out dropped off thinks it's
like one of the worst play areas out
here where you guys are at is like all
gang members and drug dealers which are
heading towards
pretty cozy squeezing and no worry well
nice how much bro yeah that's to me to
me Ben was pretty cool he just dropped
us off at this gas station it's the last
one before San Diego County so hopefully
we have some luck here finding someone
to take us all the way to San Diego and
that maybe San Diego will find and
waiting Mexico we'll see let's not get
our hopes up the waiting game starts and
is that a potential contender closer oh
man
amen I have a question you heading to
San Diego by chance there any chance
you're going to stay there a chance to
go to San Diego to San Diego place - any
chance - heading towards San Diego kinda
[Music]
really this guy who's like I'll get you
there and then just walked in the store
I'm so confused
yeah yes yeah it was being like very
like slowing like Heston I'm still not
sure if that was a yes it was yes he
said like just hang out hang out here
all right there's nowhere else to go so
I'll be waiting
we have to get to Mexico it's just like
we're in a different country
what's your name jizz
down there
sixty-six miles north San Diego yeah we
live in the Los Angeles we made it out
one day today
just be careful wait you live in Venice
yeah what's comforting me is like the
over sign over there and the left side
because he has to be like you almost has
to be their head like so I need
background checks yeah we go to San
Diego I know it's amazing
that's so sick so we just went into this
guy he's like an uber driver and he's
going down towards San Diego to drive
uber cuz there's nothing here now we
want to end up in Tijuana in Tijuana by
11 a.m. tomorrow
yeah that's a goal by 11 a.m. yeah I get
you to the border yeah really
the borders right there that would be
pretty sweet is this from before we can
take a taxi like
do that into downtown yeah okay we can't
take a taxi Thank You Jess I take a taxi
we push we do nothing yeah we can't all
true all right so Chancellor here has
been amazing he's actually an ex-navy I
was gonna say Navy SEAL but he's driving
us all the way to the border and this is
the last exit we're leaving United
States dude yeah this is perfect man
thank you so much you're an absolute
legend Yeah right the border of Mexico
baby damn right the frickin border
Mexico here we come
that's good for a while there are we
waiting for those frickin Jets I don't
think we believe LA and now we're here
so imagine if I forgot my passport what
should we have like a dope edit of us
yeah
a chance drove us like 60 miles yeah
dude then he went so out of his way
yeah yeah I'm chopped supporter on the
first day of trench presidency just
drove a Swede and ended Egyptian Muslim
to the Mexican border that we're gonna
cross my foot that's doubt that's pretty
that's pretty awesome I think eight
hours later we're in a different country
oh my god sure look at that
[Music]
if you can carry with them though is
just you the finale for the day I know
I almost went invest with a skateboard
we're told when we're doing here and his
friend accepted Gillis of life just that
Chris is gonna give us our first ride
through Mexico on our last night of the
trip
[Music]
there is 10 p.m. burn out when we're in
Tijuana that's sick you can say I
hitchhiked to a different country yeah I
mean in Europe it's not that impressive
for starting tonight
[Music]
yes hello what up boys
good morning good morning my word Mexico
we are in Mexico Tijuana we went out
last night
really all right thank you so much for
watching if you'd like this video please
like it please subscribe we really want
to get to that 1 million subscribers by
the end of the year but if you enjoyed
the head of thing this is it man this is
the brains behind the games yeah yeah
thank you for watching we'll see you
next Thursday